PMM_11821_Telemetry (#1099)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/how-to/configure.md

The *Telemetry* switch enables gathering and sending basic **anonymous** data to Percona, which helps us to determine where to focus the development and what is the uptake for each release of PMM. Specifically, gathering this information helps determine if we need to release patches to legacy versions beyond support, determining when supporting a particular version is no longer necessary, and even understanding how the frequency of release encourages or deters adoption.

> PMM collects data through exporters and Query Analytics, which is then utilized by the Telemetry subsystem through aggregated metrics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM Telemetry is based on data collected by various PMM components and stored inside PMM server 
```
no need to mention components as they might change. and actually, we use not only exporters and qan but some grafana and UI data.

> -!!! note alert alert-primary ""
>     Telemetry is sent straight away. The 24-hour grace period is not applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Telemetry is not sent straight away ante the PMM is installed. PMM has a 24-hour grace period before the first telemetry report to allow users to disable telemetry over UI.
```

As well as via the *PMM Settings* page, you can also disable telemetry with the `-e DISABLE_TELEMETRY=1` option in your docker run statement for the PMM Server.

The following are some of the commonly used environment varibles for telemetry:

```sh
DISABLE_TELEMETRY=true
```
      Disable the telemetry feature

```sh

> PERCONA_TEST_TELEMETRY_DISABLE_SEND=true

Author: ok. @maxkondr I think we should remove it. Please confirm.

```
    Fetch metrics, but do not send to Platform

```sh
PERCONA_TEST_TELEMETRY_DISABLE_START_DELAY=true  
```
    Fetch metrics while PMM is starting

```sh
PERCONA_TEST_TELEMETRY_INTERVAL=24h 
```
    Change interval for telemetry iteration

For information on the various config parameters for telemetry, see the [config file](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/main/managed/services/telemetry/config.default.yml).

!!! note alert alert-primary ""

>     PMM retains the telemetry data by default for 30 days. However, this can be modified by an admin from the settings page.

Reviewer: I'm not able to get the context here. if this is to PERCONA_TEST_*  this  need to be clarified, but I would avoid PERCONA_TEST_ in official doc at all

Reviewer 2: Wait, 30 days relate to metrics in general. 
We don't have such constrains for Telemetry data at all.

Reviewer: This is why I think this line should stay as is. No changes are needed here.
